Agile Cerimonies - 
sprint refinement - they take ticket from backlog and and plaining poker
1.sprint plaining. (story points) check avaibility of the resources and during the sprint plainig meeting only dev and QA team estimated the story points
2.daily scrum.
3.backlog refinement or Backlog grooming - (refinement will happen mid of the sprint, and we will take a decision at the backlog
 refinement call that we can finish all the user story or not if it's not possible then it'll move to the next sprint or if it'll
 priority work then need to finshed asap)
4.sprint review. (gather all the people clients and all and show them the progress of the sprint and futhure plan)
5.sprint retrospective.

Roles - 
Product owner
scrum master
team

Artefacts - 
Product backlog - It is generally owned and maintained by the project owner. It usually contains each and every 
feature of the product as well as the requirements of the product. It is compiled to everything that must be done 
to complete the whole process. It just breaks down every item into a series of steps. It is more specific to the end goal of the product.

sprint backlog - It is generally owned by the development team. It only contains those features and requirements that
 are related to the specific sprint only. It is considered a subset of the product backlog. It is compiled of everything
 that must be done to complete a particular sprint. It only includes items that can be completed during each agile sprint.
 It is specific to the sprint goal only in a particular sprint
burndown chart


SDLC and STLC
bug life cycle

Story points - is the rough estimation given by the dev and QA teams

two reviewer should be mandatory for PR (Pull request)
after done the review we can merge the code into feature branch or our own branch
master branch - child branch - feature branch - development branch


















I am Arindam Das and i have almost 3 years of experience in QA Engineer profile. and currently 
i am working on Cypress Automation and my current project was based on E-commerce domain and i created
Cypress Automation Framework and used it extensively for writing test cases and ensuring the 
functionality, stability, and performance of web applications. and i have also experience in 
java selenium Automation as well as manual testing.
 
 
 I am well-versed in using Cypress, a cutting-edge testing framework that offers robust features for end-to-end testing. 
 I have designed and executed test scripts, managed test data, and Additionally,
 I have experience with custom commands, fixtures, and plugins that enhance the capabilities of Cypress. i am expe in worin in afile method in e comeer domain and using cypress 
zehper to write test case and project management tools jira and version control github and 

if any web application is down how i can diagnosis :  (https://www.hostinger.in/tutorials/tips-for-troubleshooting-website#Why_Is_Troubleshooting_Important)
1. Check if the Site Is Down Only for You
2. Check the Network Connection
3.Look For Error Messages in the Browser
4.Try a Different Browser
5.Check the Error Logs
5.Use Developer Tools




into 
exp
domain
cypress (github,)
manul testig - 
api testing postman , database testing sql 



I am Arindam Das and i have almost 3 years of experience in QA Engineer profile.
and my current project was based on E-commerce domain and we worked with Agile 
methodologies adapting testing strategies to suit project requirements,i am working
on Cypress Automation. and i designed and developed Cypress Automation Framework 
and used it  extensively for writing test cases and ensuring the functionality,  
stability, and performance of web applications. and Integrated the Cypress automation 
framework with Cypress Cloud and for version controling tool i used git. and for 
database testing i worked on SQL. and for test management tool i worked on Zephyr 
and for project management i used JIRA. and in my first project i was working on 
java selenium Automation and manul testing as well.

do i need to say yes or no for API Testing in client interview - API 


and i designed and developed Cypress Automation Framework.

why we use Cypress because that application works seamlessly with Single Page applications and previous application was also 
based on javascript based framework so it's was eassy to shifted in cypress and Cypress provides Time Travel options, so It takes 
snapshots of each tests, after execution we can see what happened exactly in each step.
We don’t have to do any configuration for this this comes by default with cypress. and Cypress Automatically waits for commands and
 assertions or any animation to complete so most of the time we don’t have to put additional sleep in our tests
 
 
 when i was joined that project so client set up the file for me and they said that don't changes anything inside the file then it won't work
 so i used only those files.	`
 
 I am Arindam Das and I have almost 3 years of experience in QA Engineer profile. I am currently working as full stack QA. 
My previous project was based on E-commerce domain and the(tech stack of the application - for frontend they were using react and backend 
java, and for database they using sql)and we followed Agile methodologies.

For Automation Testing - 
In UI Automation we were using popular UI automation tool cypress. it is extensively for writing test cases and ensuring the functionality,  
stability of web applications. and we have followed page object model design pattern. Here we have Integrated the Cypress automation 
framework with Cypress Cloud and for version controling tool i used git. 

For manual testing 
As a manual QA my role - to analysis the requirements,Create the test coverage matrix, create the test cases, and executes them and log
the defect into JIRA and all.
for test management tool i worked on Zephyr 
and for project management i used JIRA. 
and database testing i worked on SQL

and in my very first project i was working on 
java selenium Automation as well.

